Updated Cheat sheet to include additional command to get shell access to a running pod (#25286)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/kubectl/cheatsheet.md

kubectl attach my-pod -i                            # Attach to Running Container
kubectl port-forward my-pod 5000:6000               # Listen on port 5000 on the local machine and forward to port 6000 on my-pod
kubectl exec my-pod -- ls /                         # Run command in existing pod (1 container case)

> kubectl exec --stdin --tty my-pod -- /bin/bash      # Get active shell access to a running pod (1 container case) 

Reviewer: This is more likely to work:
```suggestion
kubectl exec --stdin --tty my-pod -- /bin/sh        # Interactive shell access to a running pod (1 container case) 
```

> kubectl exec --stdin --tty my-pod -- /bin/sh        # Interactive shell access to a running pod (1 container case) 

Reviewer 2: Instead of using complete flag phrases(--stdin --tty), can we narrow it down using short forms?

Reviewer 2: The command can look like `kubectl exec -it my-pod -- /bin/sh`

Reviewer: In documentation, long forms are useful - they serve to explain things to the reader who may not understand abbreviations such as `-i` for connecting STDIN or `-t` for allocating a pseudoterminal.

Reviewer 2: Got it! Thanks
/lgtm
